but
welcome you this is reviews from mob yue and
I thrash today we have an express review on
three new puzzle games jay loran
arcade asterix mega is weak and airy
shooter sine mora
let's start with a simple logic puzzle
jam wound is an escape from
prisons
your task here is to help the poor fellow cowboy
get to the rescue hatch choosing
the direction of movement you bring the hero
straight lines to the cherished goal that
it may be easier but for some
For some unknown reason, our dashing cowboy is not
can stop in time therefore
he thundered into the cage every time not part
in a straight hero runs until
rests on another obstacle such
obstinacy is fraught with the fact that our ward
can run into dangerous
obstacle in the form of sharp objects
which are carefully arranged in levels
and of course don't forget to collect stars
on the road to freedom getting tired of the brain
taking out puzzles you can safely
try a new fun arcade and
the old man of snow is weak in this game to you
to participate in the most
famous gallic tradition cut it off
not and slapped by a roman soldier
driving our old friend with tirex
gather as much impact force as possible and
launch our near-earth legionaries
flight is the main goal except climb
and flight range
is drawing the roman as possible
more injuries hits in
various obstacle our miserable
the enemy will earn even more points
and coins can be spent on
unlocking new characters for
creating obstacles besides with
time of our poor legion can
will even tune for example on him
you can pick up a helium balloon or
same type a raincoat and a helmet for
more aerodynamics a huge plus
the game is her graphics which
incredibly accurate transmit light and
the relaxed atmosphere of the original
comic book and finally
Meet our last guest sine
mora at first glance it is simple
scrolling shooter about the airplane but do not rush
make quick conclusions because
This game presents a lot of big and
small surprises a year ago became a hit on
x-box 360 sine mora won the love
gamers have great original graphics
peers and plot yes it is the plot even
he is far from such projects as mass
effect but for a similar genre of games it
at least a breakthrough oddly enough
the events of the story are very interesting
watch and the dialogues of the characters themselves
will bring you a lot of pleasure except
as mentioned above the original
locations in team punk surroundings
create a feeling for real
incredible adventure and if you and
This is not a huge arsenal of weapons and
battle with giant bosses for sure
will not leave you indifferent on this all
if you like it then download it
Like subscribe to the channel and join
group it was a review from mob.ua
and I'm thrash for new meetings